>> Mike North: So what I'd like us to do
is take advantage of the fact that we have
a horrific issue in this app where we
can populate form field by queryParams.
This is not something you should
see in online banking software, but
this is nice for when your support team
needs to lead you to a particular page.
And they can pre-populate some stuff for
you,
or maybe we call this like, a template.
It's a template form,
you can bookmark this, and
it will have everything filled out for
you.
If you use your imagination,
this is not so ridiculous.
However, it does put us in a position
where we can create an iFrame that is one
click away from a funds transfer.
So what you're gonna do is create
an iFrame in a new jsbin and
see if you can get the CSS that
applies to this iFrame just right, so
that it's right over a button
on a landing page you create.
And so you can trick the user
into clicking on that thing,
maybe clicking on that thing
multiple times, who knows?
And essentially they'll end up interacting
with an app that they are authenticated
to use as a legitimate user, but they're
just basically being tricked, right?
You're compromising the user,
not the system here.